Alpha Insurance is an insurance company that provides its clients with various types of insurance policies. 
As soon as a customer addresses Alpha Insurance, a broker is assigned to follow the customer’s file. The broker is registered in the system, so that when a customer calls, based on the contract, the help desk can immediately trace who is the customer's first account manager. After the broker is assigned to the customer, the latter indicates which type(s) of insurance policy they would like to sign for, so the broker could, depending on the case, either assess the customer’s profile on the spot or send the customer’s file for analysis to the head office. After the customer’s profile has been assessed and the customer has been deemed trustworthy , a preliminary contract/offer on an insurance product is made to the customer either in person or by email. (Such offers can also be extended to already existing customers.) If the customer agrees to the offer, the contract is signed by both parties. After the signing of the contract, the client enjoys the coverage and is invoiced (monthly or yearly – depending on the choice made in the contract) according to the price of the insurance product they bought.
In case the insured event happens, a customer should send a claim for compensation. Then the company opens one or several claim cases (e.g. in case of an accident, often material damage & physical damage are handled separately). Once the case file is complete, it is sent for assessment by different estimators based on their area of expertise. According to the reports issued by the estimators, it is decided whether the claim case is approved. In case of approval the compensation decision is registered that stipulates which costs are eligible for (partial) refund.  For the supplied documents, the sum of compensation is calculated and the compensation is paid to the customer’s account.  The estimators’ reports must be stored in the database for at least one year after the payment of compensation for legal purposes.