The Louvre Museum in Paris is a huge museum with quite a large number of rooms, so that many exhibitions can be organised in parallel in the Museum. Also, the planning phase of an exhibition starts at least two years before the actual opening date of an exhibition, so that even for a single room, several exhibitions in different stages of advancement need to be followed up simultaneously. Therefore, a little management system is required to make sure all these exhibitions run smoothly.
The museum has identified a set of locations inside the museum that can hold exhibitions. The locations can be considered as museums inside the museum, spanning e.g a part of or an entire floor or wing. So, for each location a series of exhibitions is developed. 
Each exhibition is assigned an employee of the museum as coordinator. First a series of desired exhibition items is defined. For example, for an exhibition on Vincent Van Gogh, it is defined that one item of his early period is desired, one pencil drawing with the corresponding painting, one sunflower painting, etc. For each desired item, a suitable piece is sourced from the collectors that possess candidate pieces. For some items, only one unique piece is available, but some exhibition items several potential pieces are available from different collectors. (There are for example several "Sunflower" paintings from Vincent Van Gogh).  For each exhibition item, the system will keep track of what pieces are requested from which collector. 
To foster knowledge transfer, junior employees are assigned a senior employee as coach. This "coaching" relationship between employees is also tracked by the system.
