HospitalHouseMD is a hospital that accepts patients with rare, and often unexplainable symptoms. Patients are assigned one or more doctors, which try to make a diagnosis for the sick patient. For each illness HospitalHouseMD has a database with all possible treatments. These treatments can be applied to any diagnosis and are accordingly executed. To keep everything under control, the head doctor has to approve the diagnosis made by another doctor before any treatment can happen.  A treatment can go through three stages.  The first stage is the weakest treatment. In this stage, no consent is necessary by the patient, and treatment can start immediately. When this doesn’t work, treatment needs to move to stage 2 or even directly to stage 3, according to the rules described below. To move the treatment from stage 1 to another stage, consent is needed by the patient. The patient needs to sign a form indicating his/her consent to move his/her treatments to a higher stage. Once this consent has been given, any applied treatment for that patient can be moved to a higher stage, without the need to ask consent again. So, once a consent is signed by the patient, all treatments can freely upgrade from stage 1 to 2 and 3, until the patient retracts his/her consent. Patients with a treatment in stage 3 require a higher follow-up rate and will be checked more often by nurses and doctors. Once the higher follow-up rate isn’t needed anymore for a specific treatment for a patient, the treatment can downgrade again to lower stages (downgrading is the responsibility of the doctor).
Illnesses also get a priority score, this is necessary to prevent any outbreaks from e.g. unknown viruses. The priority score of an illness can change at any given time. For now HospitalHouseMD only has two priority scores: high and low. When an illness gets priority score high, all applied treatments for that illness are immediately placed into stage 3, by means of a priority stage upgrade. No consent of the patients are needed to move the treatment to stage 3 when the priority score of the illness is high.