The OTS is used by students and tutors where a tutor may also be a student. At registration, tutors need to provide their name, email address and bank account. After that, tutors may offer online tutoring in different subjects (e.g. mathematics, science, literature, etc.) by providing their level of expertise (e.g. primary school level, high school level, university level) in the given subject and their hourly price of a tutoring session (which may again be subject specific). Tutors may specify their weekly availability for tutoring sessions (e.g. Thursdays from 10:00 to 11:30). 

Registered students (with a name and an email address) may browse available tutoring offers in a specific subject and then make a tutoring request from the designated tutor by specifying the level of tutoring. This request should suggest the target date and time of the first tutoring session. The tutor may confirm the requested tutoring session or offer a session at another slot. Once the session is agreed, the tutor and the student is expected to turn up at the given time for tutoring. During the tutoring session, the student and the tutor may agree upon to schedule follow-up a tutoring session. After the actual tutoring session, the student pays for the session (with a credit card or wire transfer).  

A tutoring session may be cancelled by either the student or the tutor. However, if the student
cancels less than 24 hours prior to the session then 75% of the session’s price has to be paid. If the tutor cancels within 24 hours then he/she needs to offer a 25% discount for his/her next session to the same student. 

At the end of each month, tutor-of-the-month awards are given for the best tutors in each subject. 
