100% Driven by technology
Sober is new taxi company deploying self-driving cars to provide cap services. Although it operates its own fleet of self-driving cabs, people can also register their cars as Sober cabs and have them provide taxi services whenever they are not using their cars. For the latter, Sober also wants to keep track of the car owners.
Sober offers two types of taxi services: ride-hailing and ride-sharing. Ride-hailing is a service whereby customers can hail a taxi so they can be picked up and driven to their destination for a time-and distance-based fee. The hailing is an immediate, on-demand service and requests can be made with the Sober App. With just one tap on the screen, a customer can request a cab from anywhere, receive an estimated wait time, and a notification when the car has arrived. Besides the Sober App, users can also hail Sober cabs by hand-waving them as they see them pass, in which case Sober’s deep-learning based image recognition system identifies the wave gesture as a cab request. For each use of the ride-hail service, Sober wants to store the time of pick-up and drop-off, the location of pick-up and drop-off, the ride duration, the distance, the number of passengers, the fee, the type of request (via Sober App or hand-waving) and the number and name of the lead customer (the one who pays). The maximum number of passengers for a ride-hail service is six. 
Ride-sharing is another service offered by Sober, which requires more careful planning. It can also be referred to as carpooling and aims at reducing costs, traffic congestion, and the carbon footprint.  Because of the planning, both Sober and its customers can negotiate the fee whereby more customers per cab means a lower fee per customer (flexible pricing). To provide an eco-friendly incentive, Sober pledges to plant a tree for each customer who books 20 uses of the Sober ride-sharing service. For each ride-share service, Sober wants to store the time of pick-up and drop-off, the location of pick-up and drop-off, the ride duration, the distance, the number and names of all customers, and the upfront negotiated fee. The maximum number of passengers for a ride-share service is ten.
Due to the novelty of the self-driving car technology, accidents cannot be 100% ruled out. Sober also wants to store information about accident dates, location, and damage amounts per car.